Copyright (c) 2021 Dashborg Inc

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

1. The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

2. You may not use this Software to make any product (commercial,
free, or open-source), software-as-a-service (SaaS),
platform-as-a-service (PaaS), or infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS),
cloud marketplace offering, or similar product or service which allows
a 3rd-party user or customer to build UI, customize UI, build
functionality, or customize functionality within your offered product
or service using the Hibiki HTML language or tags.

2a. This restriction does not apply to products that are used
internally and only customized by your own employees or contractors.

2b. This restriction does not, and cannot apply to generic hosting
services that do not integrate the Software or use the Hibiki HTML
name directly.

2c. As licensee of this software you are free to deploy, publish,
sell, and host your product anywhere without restriction.

For more information see: https://www.dashborg.net/static/hibiki-license.html

Commercial licenses are available from Dashborg Inc.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
